The system is a low-powered Atom PC, small form factor (it's less than 12" on each side, and about 3" tall), with a 320GB hard drive and 2GB of ram.  The system is located in my bedroom in a house in San Luis Obispo, on top of another computer.  It is plugged into a surge protector, but not a UPS.  The system has no input devices plugged into it (keyboard, mouse, webcam, etc).  

The system is connect to the internet via a switch in my bedroom that is shared with several other desktops. The bedroom switch connects to a shared house switch via a cable that runs along the floor of the hallway leading to my bedroom.  The shared workgroup switch has connects to a Linksys router running DD-WRT (linux), connected to a DSL modem (local ATT affiliate ISP). 

Threat: Computer's network is shared amongst several untrustworthy computers (personal windows machines of roommates)

Goals Violated: Confidentiality - Data in transit can be snooped.
                Availablity - Malicious or incompetent roommates can use all
                              available resources.

Vulnerability:  Network on which computer is located is untrusted.

Controls:       Almost all traffic to/from machine is via encrypted methods 
                (HTTPS, SSH).  All non-encrypted traffic is intended to be
                publically accessible. All management functions are conducted
                via encrypted channels.

                Availability - Reasonably sane QoS policies on router reduce
                               downtime.

Threat: Public facing openSSH could allow access via compromised account

Goals Violated: confidentiality - Compromised accounts could grant information
                                  to unathorized persons.  
                Availibility    - Compromised accounts could consume system
                                  resources or damage services
                Integrity       - compromised accounts could modify system 
                                  configurations and data.

Vulnerability: A user account with a bad password could become compromised and 
               allow unathorized access to the system

Controls:      General: OpenSSH is configured to disallow remote "root" login.
                        "sshblackd" script monitors for repeated failed logins
                        (password cracking bots) and adds IPs to a "banned"
                        list (iptables filter)
                        All admin accounts have reasonably secure passwords
               Confidentiality: Sensitive data is not publically readable 
                                via file system permissions.

Threat: Power outage

Threat: Compromised Home Router

Threat: Theft

Threat: Tapped Network cables

Threat:  
